How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It will tell exactly where the difference is, and I won't waste my time and
    energy on searching for one character that was mistyped and overlooked.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Version controll can help to get back to abandoned ideas, check bugs and 
    it a nice feature to reduce anxiety in general.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    It is helpful, because other people can compare a full code with changes
    with the previos version and decide on what is good. Collaboration tool.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git was created in mind of programmers and a tool for a more comfortable
    creation of code. Google Docs are for collaborative working on a paper 
    or throwing quick ideas on paper. (I don't like their version control)

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Never used them. Cannot tell for sertain.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    There is always a save file somewhere.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To work on my project and practice using Git in general.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	I can see differences between different commits and it will help with version
	control and useful in general.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could
break something?

	If I break something, there always will be a back up and an easy to find code
	changes by using 'git dif [key1] [key2]'	